Smart To-Do List
=========
## Overview
The Smart To-Do List web app is a project designed to provide users with a seamless experience in organizing their tasks. It utilizes various APIs to intelligently categorize user input into specific task categories, making task management more efficient. Users can create, edit, and delete tasks to tailor their to-do list according to their needs.

## Features
* Automatic categorization of user input into predefined categories:
  - To Eat
  - To Read
  - To Watch
  - To Buy
  - Other (if the input does not fit any of the above categories)
* Easy and intuitive user interface for task management.
* Ability for users to edit and delete tasks they have created.

## Screenshots
- Login Page
- Task Management Dashboard
- Editing a Task

## Dependencies
  - Node 10.x or above
  - NPM 5.x or above
  - PG 6.x
  - axios: ^1.5.1
  - chalk: ^2.4.2
  - cookie-parser: ^1.4.6
  - dotenv: ^2.0.0
  - ejs: ^2.6.2
  - express: ^4.17.1
  - morgan: ^1.9.1
  - pg: ^8.5.0
  - sass: ^1.35.1

## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

